Update SignalR configuration for RC1 (#23413)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/configuration.md

| Option | Default Value | Description |
| ------ | ------------- | ----------- |

> | `ApplicationMaxBufferSize` | 64 KB | The maximum number of bytes received from the client that the server buffers before applying backpressure. Increasing this value allows the server to receive larger messages more quickly without applying backpressure, but can increase memory consumption. |
> | `TransportMaxBufferSize` | 64 KB | The maximum number of bytes sent by the app that the server buffers before observing backpressure. Increasing this value allows the server to buffer larger messages more quickly without awaiting backpressure, but can increase memory consumption. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ApplicationMaxBufferSize` | 64 KB | The maximum number of bytes received from the client that the server buffers before applying backpressure. Increasing this value allows the server to receive larger messages faster without applying backpressure, but can increase memory consumption. |
| `TransportMaxBufferSize` | 64 KB | The maximum number of bytes sent by the app that the server buffers before observing backpressure. Increasing this value allows the server to buffer larger messages faster without awaiting backpressure, but can increase memory consumption. |
```

| `Proxy` | `null` | An HTTP proxy to use when sending HTTP requests. |
| `UseDefaultCredentials` | `false` | Set this boolean to send the default credentials for HTTP and WebSockets requests. This enables the use of Windows authentication. |
| `WebSocketConfiguration` | `null` | A delegate that can be used to configure additional WebSocket options. Receives an instance of [ClientWebSocketOptions](/dotnet/api/system.net.websockets.clientwebsocketoptions) that can be used to configure the options. |

> | `ApplicationMaxBufferSize` | 1 MB | The maximum number of bytes received from the server that the client buffers before applying backpressure. Increasing this value allows the client to receive larger messages more quickly without applying backpressure, but can increase memory consumption. |
> | `TransportMaxBufferSize` | 1 MB | The maximum number of bytes sent by the user application that the client buffers before observing backpressure. Increasing this value allows the client to buffer larger messages more quickly without awaiting backpressure, but can increase memory consumption. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ApplicationMaxBufferSize` | 1 MB | The maximum number of bytes received from the server that the client buffers before applying backpressure. Increasing this value allows the client to receive larger messages faster without applying backpressure, but can increase memory consumption. |
| `TransportMaxBufferSize` | 1 MB | The maximum number of bytes sent by the user application that the client buffers before observing backpressure. Increasing this value allows the client to buffer larger messages faster without awaiting backpressure, but can increase memory consumption. |
```

| `logMessageContent` | `null` | Set to `true` to log the bytes/chars of messages sent and received by the client. |
| `skipNegotiation` | `false` | Set this to `true` to skip the negotiation step. **Only supported when the WebSockets transport is the only enabled transport**. This setting can't be enabled when using the Azure SignalR Service. |
| `withCredentials` | `true` | Specifies whether credentials will be sent with the CORS request. Azure App Service uses cookies for sticky sessions and needs this option enabled to work correctly. For more info on CORS with SignalR, see <xref:signalr/security#cross-origin-resource-sharing>. |

> | `timeout` | `100,000` | Timeout in milliseconds to apply to HTTP requests. This does not apply to Long Polling poll requests, EventSource, or WebSockets. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timeout` | `100,000` | Timeout in milliseconds to apply to HTTP requests. This doesn't apply to Long Polling poll requests, EventSource, or WebSockets. |
```

Author: Do we prefer contractions for better MT? So instead of translating "does" and "not" it translates "does not"?

Reviewer: I don't think that rule comes from the [MT guide](https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/localization-mt-guidance?branch=master).  I think that comes from one of our other style guides. @tdykstra  might know where that rule comes from.

Reviewer 2: https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=36389

> Use common contractions, such as it’s, you’re, that's, and don’t, to create a friendly, informal tone.
